Feature/readme (#7)
moneymeets/ghd: README.md

## GitHub Action Deployment (ghd)

> #### Requirements

Author: Dann lasse ich es ganz weg

* poetry >= 1.X
* python >= 3.8.X

> #### Personal GitHub Access Token

Author: Können wir gerne als Standard für Markdowns festlegen.

To use `ghd` you need a personal GitHub access token. 
To create this token, go to your profile settings and click on `Developer settings`.
There you can find `Personal access tokens`. Create one with `repo_deployment` permissions.

Export your created token to use ghd.
```shell
export GITHUB_TOKEN=YourTokenHere
```

> For later useage you can set this to your local profile settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For later usage you can set this to your local profile settings.
```

#### Install dependencies

> First ensure that you have a running Poetry version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First ensure that you have a working Poetry installation.
```

> The pyproject.toml is located in the `docker` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pyproject.toml` is located in the `docker` directory.
```

```shell
cd docker
poetry install
```

To check if `ghd` is working, just run the following command:
```shell
poetry run ghd
```

You should see the following output:

> ```shell

Reviewer 2: rm `shell` (das ist kein Shell-Skript)

Usage: ghd [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

Options:
  --help  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  deploy     Create new deployment
  inspect    Inspect deployment state history
  list       List deployments
  set-state  Set deployment state
```

#### Link ghd to PATH
To use `ghd` from every location on your system, link the shell wrapper to your PATH.
```shell

> echo 'export PATH="~/workspace/src/git/github/ghd/docker:$PATH"' >> ~/.profile

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
echo 'export PATH="~/path/to/ghd/docker:$PATH"' >> ~/.profile
```

Author: Ups, danke für den Hinweis.

Reviewer: I would also add here `ln -s $HOME/bin` tip - actually to my mind much better than litter `$PATH`.

```

#### Deployment

> To start a deployment with `ghd` you have to switch to the repository directory which should be deploy to, then execute the deploy command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start a deployment with `ghd` you have to switch to the repository directory which you want to deploy, then execute the deploy command:
```

```shell
ghd deploy
```

`ghd` will ask for some inputs:

> ```shell

Reviewer 2: rm `shell`

Ref [c5ff55e7e7d6a1f1d33b58bfb4efc00893cb8d08]: 
Environment (dev, test, live): dev
Transient [y/N]: 
Production [y/N]: 
Check constraints [Y/n]: y
moneymeets/demo-repository@c5ff55e7e7d6a1f1d33b58bfb4efc00893cb8d08 (live/v1-2-gc5ff55e) will be deployed to dev
  transient          no
  production         no
  required contexts  all
  description        Github: Here is your commit message from c5ff55e7e7d6a1f1d33b58bfb4efc00893cb8d08
Start deployment? [y/N]: y
```

The output looks like this:

> ```shell

Reviewer 2: rm `shell`

Working in moneymeets/demo-repository
Creating deployment
::set-output name=deployment_id::123456789
```

#### Deployment check
You can check the triggered deployment with the inspect command by specifying the deployment id:
```shell
ghd inspect 123456789
```

Output:

> ```shell

Reviewer 2: rm `shell`

Working in moneymeets/demo-repository
state        environment    creator              created               description
-----------  -------------  -------------------  --------------------  -------------
success      dev            github-actions[bot]  2020-02-06T08:32:52Z
in_progress  dev            github-actions[bot]  2020-02-06T08:32:48Z
```

#### Deployment history
If you need only the history of deployments, use:
```shell
ghd list
```

> For detailed information use `-v`, you can limit you history with `-l`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For detailed information use `-v`, you can limit you history with `-l`. Note that `-v` is disabled by default, as the detailed state (`status_changed` and `state`) requires requests to the GitHub API for every deployment.
```

```shell
ghd list -l 7 -v
```

Output:

> ```shell

Reviewer 2: rm `shell`

123456789  0695e4c  deploy  dev            demo-user2   2020-02-06T08:32:10Z  2020-02-06T08:32:52Z  no           no            success  Deployed via GHD
223456789  0695e4c  deploy  dev            demo-user1   2020-02-06T08:24:18Z  2020-02-06T08:25:03Z  no           no            success  Deployed via GHD
323456789  0695e4c  deploy  dev            demo-user1   2020-02-06T08:00:36Z  unknown               no           no            unknown  Deployed via GHD
423456789  40bd8c8  deploy  dev            demo-user2   2020-01-24T09:00:24Z  2020-01-24T09:01:10Z  no           no            success  Deployed via GHD
523456789  40bd8c8  deploy  dev            demo-user1   2020-01-24T08:58:15Z  2020-01-24T08:59:00Z  no           no            success  Deployed via GHD
623456789  8857621  deploy  dev            demo-user2   2020-01-23T08:27:47Z  2020-01-23T08:33:22Z  no           no            success  Deployed via GHD
723456789  74d43f0  deploy  dev            demo-user1   2020-01-23T08:07:28Z  2020-01-23T08:12:51Z  no           no            failure  Deployed via GHD
```

#### Disable environment

> You can disable an environment, this will hide the environment from GitHub UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can disable an environment, this will hide the environment from the GitHub UI. Note that this doesn't affect the number of environments shown on the main repository page.
```

```shell
ghd set-state -d 12345 -e env inactive

> ```

Reviewer 2: Hinzufügen:

```markdown
### Integration with [tig](https://github.com/jonas/tig/)
To integrate with [tig](https://github.com/jonas/tig/), you can for example add a binding in `~/.tigrc` to deploy a selected commit by adding `bind main D !ghd deploy --ref %(commit)` to it.
```
